## Sample projects

<br>
> AEGPs:
- Projector:
  - Imports the (fictitious) .sdk file format, and creates a project using AEGP API calls. Whenever you’re wondering how to get or set some characteristic of a project element, look here first.
- IO:
  - Exercises the After Effects Input/Output (AEIO) API. Supports the (also fictitious) .fak file format, and handles all requests from After Effects for retrieving data from or outputting to such files.
- FBIO:
  - Similar to the above, but supports the frame-based .ffk file format.
- Easy Cheese：
  - Much friendlier than Artie! A keyframer (which shows up on the Animation > Keyframe Assistants submenu), Easy Cheese shows how to manipulate various characteristics of keyframes (in a way that, uncannily, resembles our shipping plug-in, Easy Ease...)
- Sweetie：
  - Sweetie uses the PICA (or “Suite Pea”) API to provide a function Suite, for use by other plug-ins. If you’re writing multiple plug-ins that rely on the same image processing library, you could provide the library functionality using such a suite.
- ProjDumper：
  - Creates a text file representing every element in an After Effects project.
- Persisto：
  - Shows how to read and write information from the After Effects preferences file.
- QueueBert：
  - Pronounced “Cue-BARE!”, QueueBert manipulates all aspects of render queue items and the output modules associated with them.
- Panelator：
  - New in CS3. Creates a panel that can be docked along with the rest of the standard panels.
- Mangler：
  - Mangler is a keyframer demonstrating the use of an ADM palette, just like our own.
- Streamie：
  - Manipulates streams, both dynamic and fixed.
- Text Twiddler：
  - Manipulates text layers and their contents.
- Grabba：
  - Gets frames (formatted as the plug-in requests) from any composition in the project.
- Artie：
  - Artie the Artisan takes over rendering of all 3D layers in a given composition. This is the same API used by our internal 3D renderers; it is very complex, and exposes a great deal of tacit information about the After Effects rendering pipeline. Unless you have a compelling reason to replace the way After Effects handles 3D rendering, you need never work with this sample.

> Effects:
- Checkout:
  - Checks out (of After Effects’ frame cache) a frame of input from another layer, at a specified time. This is an important concept for all effects with layer parameters. Premiere Pro compatible. We have left this plug-in remain in C code, for nostalgia’s sake.
- SmartyPants:
  - Demonstrates the SmartFX API, required for support of floating point pixels.
- Resizer:
  - Resizer resizes (surprise!) the output buffer. This is useful for effects like glows and drop shadows, which would be truncated at the layer’s edges if they didn’t expand the output buffer.
- SDK Noise:
  - Premiere Pro compatible, demonstrates 32-bit and YUV rendering in PPro.
- SDK Backwards:
  - Reverses a layer’s audio, and mixes it with a keyframe-able sine wave.
- Portable:
  - Shows how to detect and respond to several different plug-in hosts. Premiere Pro compatible.
- Gamma Table:
  - Shows how to manage sequence data, and uses our iteration callbacks. For nostalgia’s sake, we’re leaving this one sample in C; it’s also compatible with many third-party plug-in hosts, due to its reliance on version 3.x API features.
- Shifter:
  - Shifts an image in the output buffer, and exercises our subpixel sampling functions.
- PathMaster:
  - Shows how to access paths from within an effect.
- Paramarama:
  - Exercises wayward param types not used in other sample.
- Convolutrix:
  - Exercises our image convolution callbacks.
- Transformer:
  - Exercises our image transformation callbacks.
- Skeleton:
  - Skeleton is the starting point for developing effects. Premiere Pro compatible.
- ColorGrid:
  - Shows how to use arbitrary data type parameters. Also has a nice custom UI. Premiere Pro compatible.
- Supervisor:
  - Shows how to control parameters (both values and UI) based on the value of other parameters. Premiere Pro compatible.
- Custom ECP UI:
  - Implements a very boring custom user interface in the effect controls palette, and shows how to respond to numerous UI events.
- CCU:
  - Implements a custom user interface in the composition and layer panels, correcting for pixel aspect ratio as needed.
- GLator:
  - New in CS4. A sample effect that uses OpenGL to resize the video and create a reflection beneath it.

  > GPs:
- EMP:
  - External Monitor Preview. Use this as a starting point for adding support to output video from the composition panel to video hardware.

***
## 样例工程

<br>
